Add release notes for the 3.36.0 Java release (#91)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/release-notes.mdx

### Fixed issues
-->

## 3.36.0 - January 13, 2021

[Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.sap.cloud.sdk*%20AND%20v:3.36.0) | [Javadoc](https://help.sap.com/doc/55bb1642ea614bf582d514ed34401136/1.0/en-US/index.html)

### Known issues

> - Currently, the TomEE based archetype for Cloud Foundry does not work with the latest SAP Java Buildpack when using Java 11.
>   Please use the buildpack version `sap_java_buildpack_1_29` for this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Because of issues with the latest SAP Java Buildpack the TomEE based archetype for Cloud Foundry does not work with Java 11. Use `sap_java_buildpack_1_29` if you require TomEE with Java 11. We'll update here when it's fixed.
```

### Compatibility Notes

> - Remove dependencies from SDK Bill-of-Material (BOM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We removed the following dependencies from the SAP Cloud SDK Bill-of-Material (BOM)
```

  - Netty
  - Protobuf
  - Spring Security OAuth
  - Hibernate Validator

### New Functionality

> - Introduce support for String-based filter functions `endswith`, `startswith` and `substringof` in the OData V2 VDM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce support for String-based filter functions `endswith`, `startswith` and `substringof` in the OData V2 type-safe client also know as VDM.
```

### Improvements

> - Replace the deprecated constant `org.apache.commons.codec.Charsets.UTF_8` in the HelloWorldControllerTest class of the Spring archetype by its recommended successor `java.nio.charset.StandardCharsets.UTF_8`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We replaced the deprecated constant `org.apache.commons.codec.Charsets.UTF_8` in the HelloWorldControllerTest class of the Spring archetype by its recommended successor `java.nio.charset.StandardCharsets.UTF_8`.
```

  This resolves a compiler warning.

> - Add Maven module `s4hana-api-odata-v4` into `s4hana-all` to enable type-safe OData v4 client library for SAP S/4HANA Cloud Edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We added Maven module `s4hana-api-odata-v4` into `s4hana-all` to enable type-safe OData v4 client library for SAP S/4HANA Cloud Edition.
```

- Dependency Updates:
  - SAP dependency updates:
  - Other dependency updates:
    - Major version updates:
    - Minor version updates:
      - Downgrade Spring dependencies to resolve conflicts with [SAP CP Spring XSUAA Security Library](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-security-xsuaa-integration/tree/master/spring-xsuaa)
        - Change Spring Framework BOM from `5.3.1` to `5.2.10.RELEASE`
        - Change Spring Security BOM from `5.4.2` to `5.3.5.RELEASE`
      - Update PMD from `6.29.0` to `6.30.0`
      - Update Caffeine from `2.8.6` to `2.8.8`
      - Update Jackson from `2.11.3` to `2.12.0`
      - Update Reactor from `3.4.0` to `3.4.1`
      - Update Guava from `30.0-jre` to `30.1-jre`
      - Update Hibernate Core from `5.4.25.Final` to `5.4.26.Final`
      - Update Netty BOM from `4.1.49.Final` to `4.1.56.Final`
      - Update Java JWT from `3.11.0` to `3.12.0`

### Fixed issues

> - Fix an issue where OData V2 Update requests with PATCH contained incorrectly serialized date values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed incorrect serialization of `date` values for OData v2 requests using a `PATCH` request method.
```

> - Fix an issue where OData Batch requests sent an invalid `Accept` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where OData Batch requests were sending an invalid `Accept` header.
```

> - Fix an issue where OData Batch response API did not conveniently throw or wrap an exception for failing HTTP response code health checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where the API for OData Batch response did not conveniently throw or wrap an exception for failing HTTP response code health checks.
```

  Affected methods:
  - OData v4 VDM: `getReadResult` of `BatchResult`
  - OData v2 VDM: `get` of `BatchResponse`
  - OData Client: `getResult` of `ODataRequestResultMultipartGeneric`

> - Remove a log message that incorrectly indicated an error when receiving OData responses without payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We removed a log message that incorrectly indicated an error when receiving an OData response without payload.
```
